VTON

so hey this is going to be a very long monologue and the expectation would be that you read this you get the context And then you formalize it in a file that is how things should be done in a coding environment. But Yeah, this is a speech to text. So there will be noise and I do not expect you to start coding off directly from this. But hopefully formalize it, we'll discuss, go back and forth and then do it. Okay, cool. So the project is named VTON, spelled V for VAN T for tomato, O for onions and N for night. V Ton. Why V Ton? V Ton means virtual tryon

so what I want to do basically the thing that I want to do is tomorrow my friend is going to meet a few potential clients and we have to show them the power of virtual try on okay so I'll just tell you what I want to make in the project basically what I want is I want to make a fake site which looks like any other e-commerce site but for fashion like mintra or a geo or naike and all that it will have a catalog of 1020 products the site will just be a placeholder and let's say I will click on one of the products and one of the options will be try-on now when I will click on this button try on then a camera will pop up when the camera pops up then it It will sorry the camera will not pop up the camera will open and from that I can take my photo and once I take my photo then there might be an optional section which In the final and I may or may not want to keep so there can be a config param to disable that but hey there will be an optional param where I can add extra prompts of how I would like to be dressed in that so that is the basic app idea


so with that I want you to look into it think and design and orchestrate and plan as to what we can do right again making the app is going to be super super super easy full stop but I still want to make it nicely because again it is super shallow there should be no surprises might as well do a good job in whatever minimal task that we are doing or trying to do. Okay. And I want you to have a few considerations look online as to what are the best practices and the best models to do that. Last time when I checked Gemini was doing a half decent job so maybe we can do that full stop But yeah, let's do it in a very nice fashion, whatever is the best. And yes, most probably this demo will be happening on phone So whatever web app that we are going to make should run flawlessly on phone, right? It could be about camera access. It should be able to access both the front and the rear camera and then things like you know I don't want it to have an infinite weight There should be decent amount of error handling and you know making small small things which make or break the experience. For example, what I have seen is when I give an image to an AI it takes five or six sometimes even ten or twenty seconds to make it then what I want is this dummy app or whatever it is should be able to do it asynchronously


and you are getting no. What I'm basically saying is the idea is nothing new and The fact that we are making a POC means it is super lean. Might as well do a very good job in whatever we are trying to do and maybe even think from the perspective of the demo To make sure what all things I need to include. Right. Because one thing I told about asynchronicity. That is something that should be there. And yeah about prompts about being able to look at it like some notification thingy it might be fake only but like hey your image is done I can look into that and if I want to make follow-up edits to that it should let me do that And I hope you are getting the entire picture. And if you're not getting the entire picture, please think think think think on your behalf. It's okay if you think an over-engineered system Because we will be discussing before implementation. Full stop.


So that is mostly it and also think about the considerations that since you know it is just a POC then how we will be running it okay or how we will be hosting it I do not mind doing an NGOK and making it live, but I also do not mind you know hosting it on WordCell all of those considerations we can explore when we do a discussion but what I'm saying is you should be mindful of the entire thing and not just blindly start wipe coding and later you know come up with issues and we have to go back and forth and do negative work So yeah, that is mostly it. If you have any doubts, please ask. But please be mindful and yeah, that should mostly be it
